# Questions & Answers## Try using a `TreeMap` and a `HashMap` instead of `MyHashMap`.- Are the resulting word frequencies any different?1. `MyHashMap` result <br>time in ms: 4012 <br>the=33194 <br>of=17956 <br>and=12614 <br>a=12346 <br>to=12233 <br>in=9232 <br>was=7542 <br>that=6278 <br>he=5955 <br>his=5496 <br>2. `TreeMap` result <br>time in ms: 4395 <br>10 most frequent words and their frequencies are same as above.  <br>3. `HashMap` result <br>time in ms: 3351 <br>10 most frequent words and their frequencies are same as above. <br>- Is the time performance any different? If so, how would you rank the three implementations (in increasing order of time complexity)? <br>Yes. In increasing order of time complexity:  `HashMap` < `MyHashMap` < `TreeMap` .##  How are `%` and `Math.floorMod` different? Which works more reliably for computing a hash table index?They have no difference in the running results on `TreeMap` and `HashMap`, but throws `Exception` on `MyHashMap` as following:<br>`Exception in thread "main" java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException: Index -2994 out-of-bounds for length 6007` `Math.floorMod` also performs better than `%`, saving almost 1/3 of time on `TreeMap`. Therefore, `Math.floorMod` should be more reliable.  ## What is the time complexity of `MyHashMap.size()`, and how could you make it much more efficient?The time complexity of `MyHashMap.size()` is O(n). I used a `private int numKeys` to count the `chains` and `return numKeys` to make it as O(1).## How does this implementation compare to one where you would directly use your linked `Node` class from the earlier assignment? Answer briefly in terms of ease of implementation, correctness, reliability, and performance.- **Implementation** <br>This implementation uses `Iterator` to traverse the list, and `Node` uses its link to next `Node` and `index` of the elements. But `HashMap` implements `circular list`, which is better than`Node` in `remove` or `add/put`, because no need to define the method at `head`, `tail` or middle.- **Correctness** <br>linked `Node` class is better because of possible collision on `HashMap`.- **Reliability** <br>`HashMap` is better because `Node` throws too many `Exception`.- **Performance** <br>`HashMap` has better performance, with complexity of most methods is O(1) .